you
I don't know about you but I'm trying to
get this Beachbody that p90x Brad Pitt
Bradley Cooper Tyrese Trey Songz Matthew
McConaughey Beachbody I'm trying to
sweat in front of everybody
hey they got the shortie with them
Angelina Jolie lips a lick my torso
ain't gonna be looking like a wet
chocolate look at my biceps they're kind
of puny they're kind of chunky but I've
been working on them we can be models I
could take off my shirt mad sexy instead
a camera in Tennessee for 37 seconds
straight and not blink
I can't bathe in baby or can run on the
beach in slow motion I can cat walk down
a runway in zebra panties I can't do
that having a slow metabolism ruins
everything all my friends will being
tank tops and I'll be in a hoodie
I'm good at sipping up my insecurities
thinking I could sweat them out I'm
trying to get this beach body I'm too
skinny
a girl who don't fool like my mouth's a
garbage chute but my intestines are
allergic to trans fat I want to be a
flexing horse leg galloping beets and
into a red carpet customized for me to
shut the shoreside like a centaur on a
conveyor belt I'm trying to get to this
beach vibe but their salvation and snack
closets on lick the plates of seconds at
the bottom of a pint of ice cream I'll
use haagen-dazs as a morphine cylinder
because she said my arms weren't strong
enough to carry her I think a week I
think I'm fat I think I'm ugly
the beach is no place for a whale like
me for a minivan with its tank on II I
want to be Baywatch varible broken
bottle cut have you seen my muscles and
my scars you smell that
that's macho moisture my hour-long
workout routine consists of five minutes
push-ups on my bedroom floor I deny you
mirror repelling my lanky limbs five
minutes of keeping my chin high over the
bar self-doubt ten minutes placing a
hundred pounds of failure on my chest or
it becomes the elephant in the room
ten minutes of jogging with ghost
chuckling at my chunky thighs and I'll
smile knowing I'll soon be able to fit
into my old butt pants 30 minutes
thinking sweat as a masculinity cloak
and I'm weary from trying to work out my
rational fears
drown them in a puddle of perspiration
shove the imperfections I should be
proud of underwater my gaff toots love
my frizzy hair my funny shaped head the
extra weight that kept me grow missing
pounds that make me a kite flailing free
through the wind not bound by muscle so
yes I'm trying to get this body
that Channing Tatum David Beckham LL
Cool J Beachbody but we're tired and
exhausted from trying to be something
we're not
you